What is the problem from your point of view?
How do you see the problem?
How would you define the biggest challenge you’re facing right now?
What are the things or people in your life that are causing problems for you?
How does this problem typically make you feel?
How do you feel when a problem pops up unexpectedly?
Do you feel sad, mad, hopeless, stuck, or something else?
When you tell me you feel angry, what else do you feel: disappointed, hurt, betrayed, lonely, or something else?
What makes the problem better?
How often do you experience the problem?
How have you been coping?
What have you tried so far?
What do you think caused the situation to worsen?
How does the problem affect how you feel about yourself?
What avenues have you pursued in the past that have worked well to solve the problem?
Tell me about a time when you were not experiencing these difficulties.
Overall, how would you describe your mood?
Describe your typical daily mood. Is your mood like a roller coaster, or is it pretty steady?
What energizes you and makes you feel more upbeat?
What brings you down or makes you feel blue?
How do you typically handle irritations, aggravations, and frustrations? Do you get mad easily? How does your anger come out?
Do you feel mad when you don’t get your way or lose control?
How do you get yourself out of a bad mood?
We all use different strategies to cope. Do you find yourself reaching for caffeine, drugs, alcohol, sex, shopping, the internet, or something else to make you feel better?
What have people close to you told you about your moods?
Spend a few minutes just listening to the sounds around you. What sounds do you hear? Are they loud or soft? Pay special attention to interesting sounds you’ve never noticed before.
Think of a place where you feel calm, comfortable, and happy. It may be a beach, a forest, your bedroom, or somewhere else. Imagine what this place looks and sounds like and imagine how good you feel when you’rethere.
Usually when you worry, you imagine things ending badly. Try writing about your worry, but make the ending positive. Write about how you solve a problem, relax, start feeling better, or handle your worry.
Today, I am thankful for
My favorite accomplishment is
I am anxious when
I felt sad when
What is one thing I wish I could change
My happiest memory is
What’s been bugging me lately?
Make a list of 15 things you love about yourself
One way I could love myself more is
My Childhood hero was ________ and I am similar to them in these ways _______.
What is your best quality?
Make a list of 10 quotes that inspire you
Make a list of 20 things you are grateful for.

What is one way your depression or anxiety has held you back this week? What could you do to change that?
Write yourself a letter forgiving you for something that has happened in your past.
Create a Brainstorm list of activities to reduce your stress and anxiety. Make a plan to add at least 3 activities to your schedule this week.
Write a letter to your younger self. What advice can you give them to better navigate their mental health?
The last time I felt this way, I
What is one thing you wish you had said no to? Why didn’t you? What impact did it have on your experience?
Write a review about your favorite book or movie and why it resonates with you so deeply.
What is something I need to let go of? Why am I holding onto it?
Describe your ideal bedroom. The way it looks, the smell, the feel of the sheets, comfort, and overall atmosphere there.
What does self-care mean to you? How do practice this in your daily life?
Write down three things that cause you anxiety. Brainstorm 1–2 ways you can combat these triggers when they come up.
What are 3 things about yourself you wish others knew? How could you share these things with others more?
Choose an Inspiration word for the week. What does it mean to you? And how can you live your life this week with that word in mind?
Make a list of 17 accomplishments you’ve made that you are proud of.
What was the most difficult experience you had before, and how were you able to overcome it?
List three things that scare you the most, and the reasons why.
Recall three positive things that happened to you today and write them down. Be as detailed as possible.
Reply to your inner critic’s opinions about your actions and decisions.
How are you feeling right now? Describe how you feel in writing.
Write a letter to three of your greatest supporters.
What are the three things you’d love to be doing for the rest of your life?
Make a list of the compliments you’ve received from others.
What are five moments in your life when you can say you were truly happy?
Write a letter to yourself. Make it a love letter.
If you’re prone to anxiety attacks, write down all the strategies you’ve used in the past that helped you cope with a flare up.
Is your anxiety trying to tell you something? What is it?
Describe the thing or situation that you look forward to every day.
List three of the greatest lessons you’ve been given by your anxiety.
List at least 10 activities you can do to take better care of yourself.
What values are important to you?
List down your anxiety triggers.
Think of someone who has caused you pain. Write him or her a letter of forgiveness.
List down the questions that are constantly running through your head right now, and then try to answer each one.
Write down your favorite inspiring quotes or song lyrics that motivate you.
List down the things that you are grateful for. Make the list as long as you can.
What is it that you need to let go of? Write your reasons for holding on to it.
Write two long-term goals. Brainstorm and write down your ideas for achieving them.
Visualize that you are free from anxiety. Write down the details of this kind of life.
List 10 things that make you smile.
List down three affirmations you can say to yourself today.





vim:
- W jump WORD
  - % matching braces/paren
    - */# next/previous occurance of word under cursor
      -num+G jump to line num


